d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\bin\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.exe
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\bin\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.pdb
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.g.resources
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer_Algorithmus.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.exe
d:\users\shorthe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.pdb
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.exe
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Genetischer Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.pdb
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\bin\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.exe
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\bin\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.pdb
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus_MarkupCompile.cache
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.g.resources
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.exe
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetischer Algorithmus.pdb
L:\Benutzer\David\Documents\GitHub\Genetischer_Algorithmus\Genetischer Algorithmus\obj\x86\Debug\Genetic_Algorithm.Properties.Resources.resources
